Transilvanian Hunger...cold..soul
Your hands are cruel...to haunt..to haunt

the mountains are cold...soul...soul...
careful..pale...forever at Night

Take me...can't you feel the Call
Embrace Me Eternally in your daylight slumber

To be Draped by the Shadow of your Morbid Palace
oh, Hate Living...The only heat is warm blood
So Pure... So Cold
Transilvanian Hunger

Hail to the True, intense vampires
A story made for Divine fulfillment
To be the ones breathing a Wind of Sorrow
Sorrow and fright the dearest catharsis
Beautiful Evil Self to be the Morbid Count
A part of a Pact that is delightfully immortal

[scream]
Feel the call freeze you with the uppermost desire
Transilvanian Hunger...my mountain is cold
[scream]
So Pure... Evil, Cold
Transilvanian Hunger

I am the fountainstorm from a black heart
I am the desert of redemption
I soar on dead wings of sin
I am pre-nun (with a) cracked virginity

The arrows of moderation failed to hit me
But the ones who came with fear and hate
Kissed me deep long and hard
And those who spelled DEATH are so ready

Paler skin than the sheets of Jewish fairytales
Is sown upon every soul and body of life
And I wonder who sees desolation
Through my eyes, holds the vision
And makes "love" to it

Sing the song of the seven winds as I spit the dragons fire.
I summon deities of hate through unholy magic spells.
Surging unto the cosmic realms in the search of ancient moan.
From the chasms of asmodeus storms of chaos shall unleash.
Chanting under skies of titan moons
Invoking solitary demons
Wicked screams rising from a thousand thrones
Shadows covering temples of doom.
OH! How I bleed, my blood summons the black lord.
Eyes of might, fire so brigth, black sky lighten from the evil horned moon.
Unholy magic attack
Roll the drums in satans name
Infinite spells of hate I cast from my moon throne.
Chanting words of doom to enemies of mine
Attack with might
Unholy victory!!!
NAAMAH, NAAMAH the shadowed one
SHAMDON, SHAMDON the evil one
ASHTART, ASHTART the fire son
BERITH, BERITH the evil duke.

Storms of fire
Bring my master
Winds of evil
Bring my master
Summoning the ancients of doom
Calling from the shadows of dawn
Standing on the altar of stone
Raising satans legion up high
Gathered in the ancient woodlands
Celebrating seeds of all sin
To the sounds of hell
In the lonely night
Those of the night, so full of might,
Like the darkest dreams,
So unreal but true
Black priest speaks
All hail thee!!
Bring to me
Blasphemy
Chanting to the bringer of sin
Serpent god below
Hiding in the veil of black
As the mighty legion attacks
Those of the night, so full of might,
Like the darkest dreams,
So unreal but true.

Hidden secret sabbat summoning my name
On my way to satan to give the kiss of shame
Flaming pagan fire burning high at night
Wild copulation in the fullmoon light
Atmosphere so wicked as the mass begins
Deep inside the forest
Where the dark lord reigns
I renounce the god of the christian faith
I deny the virgin and trample on the cross
OH!! Master grant me your knowledge
OH!! Master grant me your power
Take me and teach me your ways
I will serve you forever
With my human blood I sign my secret name
In the book of shadows I will now remain
Invocvation chanted standing in a circle
In the name of satan ceremony ends.

Rise... pagan ones
Rise... satans sons
Rise... shields and swords
Rise... sounds of war
Destroy realms of light
Burning heavens throne
Reigning ancient ways
New world here to stay
Satan lives, satan lives,
Satan lives, satan lives.
Rise... red eyed beast
Rise... fullmoon god
Rise... black abyss
Open seven gates
Stand high knowledged ones
Fire summons thee
We are thy new breed
Satan lives, satan lives,
Satan lives, satan lives.
Legions marching
War drums beating
Weapons striking
Christians falling
New world reigning
Pagan victory
In the name of satan, lucifer and baal
Hail the ancients and their mighty realm
I raise the torches flaming high above
Lord of nature I worship thee.

Rituals in the night under black moon skies.
I will open gates of unknown time.
I will breathe my fire towards the cosmic eye.
In the crypt shadows sounds of black arise
Immortality I seek.
Winds of death, thrones of black
Call the ones as I chant
Far beyond the end of space
I invoke the voice of time
Summoning ancient gods
Raising the torches high
Master of all black arts give my
Soul the wings
Far before all time, far beyond all time
I shall fade away in the fire realm below...
Stars that hide
Endless time summoned by wizards
Moon demons hear the call
Eternal black thrones await
Infinite I am an endless
Like eternal flight through the cosmic sea
Moon and stars of night I shall worship thee
You have granted me immortality of life
Here in kingdoms of shadows eternity
Remains dark and true... Roam through realms of truth.
More ancient than time I am for I have no life of flesh...
Death lives in time
Mystic melodies of cryptic winds,
Carry the voices of
Fallen tears... Fly, high, OH!!
Fly through stars of red fire, I fly beyond light.
Total pagan worship at night
Wizard voices summon moon skies
Eclipse enshrouds ancient woodlands
Mighty shadows flocking black wings
I am thy one summoned by thee
Cosmic body grant me immortality.

Gathered in a magic circle singing ancient hymns
In the name of satan.
Bring me to the mystic lands mighty prince of
Hell for I seek the power.
Cosmic guardiance of the stars is the path
I worship for my pagan journey.
Sounds of moaning winds blowing through
The skies of eternal black.
"Worship - Satan - Worship"
Witches soaring through the skies to the streams
Of hell from belial's cult.
Rites of carnal lust in the ancient caves,
Goat on the altar bray.
Killing on the pentagram draining all the blood
As the victim weeps.
Lord of wickedness we summon you shedding
This childs black blood... bleed!!
Blessed in the fire of night, Lucifer I serve.
Hail!! Oh mighty one!! With this kiss of shame.
Marked with your claw, chalice fills with blood.
Gates, open wide, offer me your flames.

Christian warriors in the fields defending
White light realms of god.
Raising flags of war up high,
Blood and flesh we shed with might.
Crushing, killing on command,
These are weapons from the black.
Ancient war cult of holy lands
Surging into lands of fire.
Dark evil dungeons where
We hide contain secrets of the left.
You satan we only hail in the form of BAPHOMET.
Ancient infernal beast with black wings,
In the night we summon thee
Flaming torch of knowledge burns
On thy goat head with wicked horns.
Chanting all unholy names to thee
Mighty king of kings.
Burning children for my god
Offering dripping fat and blood.
We deny any god of feeble faith
Lucifer faithfully we bow to thee
So to you we raise our swords from shadow thrones.
Universe of ancient blood from mutilation rituals on the cross as
I chant the pagan hymns.
I am the one summoning the mighty war god
BAPHOMET
Cutting into my own flesh...


Night of the black sorrowfull moaning winds blowing.
Through these melancholic woods how I feel so dead here,
Sad and cold as I hear crypt sounds of moan.
Only thought of sorrow bring me down to the pits of bottomless black.
In this endless extreme tomb of weeping sadness,
I am embraced by the cosmic force of night.
Pain dooming... death coming...
Shadows of misery are casted by
The fullmoon light and stars of hellfire shine.
Feeling the weak and enshrouded, shall I remain in grieving,
Pain surrounded by lone.
Death I seek in solitary as I begin to hear the voices of melancholic doom.
Suicide in lonesome lands of endless.
Sadness burns within my final thought of shun.
Moan bleeding... die weeping...
Dying alone in the woodlands isolated
In my empire of solitary death.
Total sadness, total darkness, total coldness, total pain.
Satan I invoke you with my death under the black sky of night.
Dean, dead, satan I am dead...

Baptised in black goat blood on the mystic altar
Infernal gods of death bless thy sons of Satan

Raise the knife; cut the goat, drain its blood
and fill the chalice

Ancient words are spoken as the rite begins
Members of the cult raise their torches high

Raise the knife; cut the goat, drain its blood
and fill the chalice

The moon is full... the night is cold... the stars are bright... the wind so moans...
A fire burns... within our forest... the blood is thick... and only black

Baptised in black goat blood on the mystic altar
Infernal gods of death bless thy sons of Satan

We are the warriors of Satan's legion
We are the soldiers of infernal war
Knife in my hand, axe in the other
We are the killers in search of Christ

Crush, Crush, Crush... Jesus
Crush, Crush, Crush... Jesus

Prepare for battle weak lambs of God
Lord of destruction I summon thee
Grant us your powers of annihilation
Crush the Jewish prophet, death to Christian faith

Crush, Crush, Crush... Jesus
Crush, Crush, Crush... Jesus

Satan, dark lord I sing to thee
With pride I stand under your sign

Ancient mystic symbol of truth
Cast your unholy dark spells to me

Cryptic goat horns within...black stars
Red eyes looking inside...black stars
Moon rays shining upon...black stars
Chanting dark hymns under...black stars

Unholy rites of blood and knives
Sell inflicted wounds for my lord of Hell

Altar calls my name; I shall summon my own death
Take my offer to you king of all kings

Far inside our temple black candles burn
Six inverted crosses hang on the walls

Mutilation now begins as the ancient cult chants
I cut my flesh in the name of Satan

Cut, cut, so deeply cut, drain your life for me
High above the cosmic sky, thrones of black await
Far below the black soiled earth, thrones of fire await
Cut, cut, so deeply cut, give your soul to me

Wisdom of darkness lies in the shadows
Mystical fire burns on your black torch
Star in the night sky, brightest of all stars
Son of the morning shining unholy

Fallen from heaven rebel of angels
You are my ruler, lead me to your throne
Speak to me master, teach me your secrets
Follow the left hand path into Hell's fire

Chanting to my lord as he looks at me
I obey his words in return for strength
To Him I remain loyal to the cult
Hail Lucifer... Hail Lucifer

Cryptic horns pierce the flesh like a spear brings your death
Baphomet raise your horns, pierce the heavens, make them bleed...

Blow you fire, burn the angels, summon soldiers to your order
Baphomet raise your horns, pierce the lambs, make them bleed...

Burning fire
From the depths of Hell
Your powers I invoke
With these words I chant...

Winds of fire; burn flames of Satan's realm
Destroy holy skies for the end of light

Open gates of Hell
I call upon your forces
Release your fire gods
Burn with pride the holy throne...

Winds of fire; flames of Satan's realm
Destroy holy skies for the end of light

Holy throne in ashes
Unholy throne supreme
Victory is in the fire
Fire is in our hands...

Lord of eternal might I sing to thee
I raise my torch and worship thee
King of all kings I swear to thee
Forever I shall be loyal to thee
I bow before thee
You are my fire
These words go to you
Hail one of truth

Fire burns!
Loyal I shall be...

Powers of destruction embrace me with might
For annihilation of the sacred king!
I am the fallen angel summoning his death
Abaddon, the one of war, I call upon his crown

Instruments of torture in the hands of sin
I tear the flesh off the face of god
Shadows from a crescent moon at night they speak...
Words that embrace me with powers from the abyss

King of th shadows
Mystical god
Give me the strength
Like the black winds
Oh! Abaddon!
Lord of all death
Give me the power
That you possess

I am lord Satan, I am your king.
Master of shadows, ruler of hell.
Realm of all darkness, sorrow and death.
Kingdom of torture is my domain.
Follow the path that leads to the left...
In it you find wisdom and pride.
Fire and water, earth and all air.
These are the jewels to you I give.
Brothers of shadows, those of the cult...
Sing to the heavens blasphemous hymns.
You are the ones that I behold
Deep in my claws as weapons for war.
Bays from the moon cabby my words
For you to feel my presence at night.
Now is the time to reign on this earth...
Creatures of Satan, creatures of mine.

On this night of a mystic moon...
We invoke you king of hell
Ancient god of fire thrones
Make your presence be seen
Oh! Lord of mine
Touch me with your magic hoof
Hail Lucifer the prince
Hail Satan king of kings

Strong mighty warriors of Satans cult arise
Now is the time to kill followers of Christ
Preachers of the Jewish faith must also meet their death
Gather all your weapons for the war against the light

Battlefields in churches is a vision we all have
And cutting off the head of every Jewisch Christian pig
They turn the other cheek and we give them death
Honoring our ancestors we give them our revenge

Abbadon, the ancient god of destruction and all death...
Is the one that is asking that we answer his wish
Sacrifice the lambs of God legions of black arts!
Satan shall feel proud that we help him reign on earth

Under mystic fullmoon skies we honor satans throne
In return for the worship we are given arms of war
Massacre the holy ones again and again
This is a battle that will never have an end

Warriors of Satan killing for their lord
Mutilated angels falling from the heavens
In the battlefield is where the truth shall be revealed
I stand in the pits of sulphur and fire


Rites of sacrifice in darkness offering the flesh for thee...
Master, ruler of the underworld of fire I desire, waiting on the altar.
Stars that shine, moon that hides rising behind mountains here in these lands of carthage where Baal reigns supreme at hight as we stand on the edge of black abysmal thrones of death, thrones of fire, burning infant victims in the pit of hellish fire endlessly on this night of doom.

Child, victim of mine, now your time has arrived, lay now on the altar and perish in eternal fire from hell fire from Baal, burning as the solar gods consume your flesh from earth and the sea summoning the ancient king of death ritually offering sweet blood.
To the moon, cosmic throne of the sky I sing songs of death as I cut infant flesh deeply.
Oh! Ancient rite on this night of a full moon!

Sacrifice! Sacrifice! Kill the child in the night.
Cut the flesh, burn the bones, spread the ash on the throne.
Demons in the abyss summoned through the rites of human...
Sacrifice! Sacrifice! Kill the child in the night.
Cut the flesh, burn the bones, spread the ash on the throne.
Demons in the abyss summoned through the rites of infant death.

In the cryptic shadows of the mystic full moon night, echoes from the chanting hymns of darkness bray with might.
Here I stand in mountains where the pagan songs are sung,
Only to invoke the mighty ancient king of hell.

Satan, in the night we summan thee,
Chanting magic words of blasphemy.
Black mass in a lonesome cryptic land...
Worship of the black majestic throne!

Members of infernal worship gather in the night,
Serving Satan and his demons for the heathen rise.
Voices from a lonely forest honors natures ways,
In the form of ceremonies that invoke the king.

Satan, in the night we summan thee,
Chanting magic words of blasphemy.
Black mass in a lonesome cryptic land...
Worship of the black majestic throne!

In this lonesome heathen lands torches summon demon winds,
Fire now ignites the skies.
Rites of darkness shall begin as I raise my ritual sword
Standing within a pentagram.
Thunder bolts in the skies of fire burning heavens's realm of gold,
Angels fall with burning wings.
Wars in cosmic battlefields is the answer to my call,
Mighty is our victory

Followers of heathen culture, gather! Now is the time to unite.
We are the sons of a true god, mighty creator of our race.
Elements of nature grant us wisdom, domination, power and control.
Those are the ways of survival for existence of the wolven breed.

Ceremonies of the heathens, deep inside a mystic temple.
Voices of an ancient cult are chanting to the hymns of night.
Worshipping the moon in the darkness far in a land of solitude.
Summoning the ancients of the woodlands,
Summoning the demons of the sea.
Dressed in a shiny black robe I uphold a torch,
All in the name of my master ruler of the underworld of fire.
Lord of the strong and the brave your arrival I await.
King of the heathens, I sing to thee!

Hail... Lucifer
Hail... Abaddon
Hail... Beelzebub
Hail... Satan


Dark evil winds that are blowing through the skies in the
Realm of Satan's shadows are the sounds of tortured souls.
Worshiping the pagan gods of unholy war in the darkest caves of ancient lands that inspire gloom.
Roaming through the lonely forest casting evil spells to the sacred heavens of the gods that we must destroy.
Members of Satanic legions marching into war singing ancient battle hymns raising bloody swords.

Killing feeble Christians all in master Satan's name.
Soldiers dressed in black waving banners of the horde.
Sons of the moon that were born in its bays are the ones that will fight in the war against light.
Oh! King of mine with a pentagram that shines, your cryptic
Realm of shadows shall forever reign supreme.
Open wide gates of hell! Show me death with your fire!

Deep under moon skies far in a forest,
Voices in the wind sing melodies of sadness.
Rites of a black mass hiding in the dark fog,
Summoning the demons in the name of Satan...

Lord of inferno! Hail the hell throne!
Show me the gateway to your mighty kingdom
Realm of the shadows forever reigning,
Like eternal darkness... In the name of Satan

Dark ancient rites summon the horned God
Altar of death, altar of doom... Arise!
Unholy blood spills on the dead earth
I summon thee Lord Satanas, now!

Sons of the God Satanas, lord of shadows,
Raise your left hand; give the sign of the goat!
I call upon demon thrones with these words:
"My blood is yours king of mine... Lucifer".

A long time ago
Satan's people roamed free
Spreading the unholy to villages near and far

Came a holy war
Army of christians...
Mobs of satans children
Many christians killed!
Few of them remain...
Now that time has passed
Now the time has come!
Rise from the ashes!
Seige the fucking earth!
Live the way we want
Satan shall rule the world!


Sacrifice
Deadly night...
Candles melt
Burnign bright...
Crucify
time to die!

Beware the mark of the beast!
Don't break the seventh seal
On your blood we will feast!
Hell shall now appeal

Burning in hell's fire
Behold evil desire!
Black mass rules tonight
Virgin screams out in fright!

Hail prince of night!
Jesus has decieved you!
Unholy battle you must fight!
Lucifer will retrieve you!

Demonic faith grows stronger
Christianity lasts no longer!
Pray that god's desceased
Bring death to me!


Shred of flesh gnawed to the bone
Unholy kingdom ruled by Death
Hell's fire burning desecrating valley
Satan stands watching the corpses that surround me

Jaws of Satan!

Intestinal fluid dripping from my mouth
Demons rise forth to pull me down!
Centuires of gore, bloody lakes of red
Gargoyle of hell fucking eats the dead!

Jaws of Satan!

Jaws of death will arrive
Mist of doom will consume!
Evil blackness cursed the priest!
Up from hell they shall dwell
Marching dead locks the gate
Slicing axe seals your fate
Enochian keys burn with power
Black magic force takes it's course

Wings of Death are wrapped around me
Conflict of evil reigns unholy
Throne of torment horns of hell
Flood the temple the witches spell!


Book of the black earth
Evil handed fourth
Forbidden seals aflame
Descend to forgotten lands

Hordes watch beyond
And wait for the gate to crack
Attack with satan's law
Perish the blood of man

The book was bound in flesh
Then was the sent from hell
Raging souls collide
Burning angels fell!

Dead shall live again
Rise from the depths of hell
Immortals breed hate
Christians meet their fate

Unveil the presence
Bring the final hour
Through the evil eye
Focus satan's power!

Ancient times
Cults perform the pagan rites
Deliverance into the trance of death
Fell the knife slice through your life!
Slaughtered for the Gods!

Virgin's blood
Drips from the Altar
Spirit world
Has now been opened!

Black ritual knife in my hand held up high.
I cut my flesh; slash my neck and my wrist.
Oh! Shiny chalice slowly fills with my blood.
Oh! Death is near, take me now lord of shadows...

Dark mystic night sings, as I die songs that invoke fires form hell.
Grieving in pain I slowly bleed as I caress wounds in my flesh.
Enter my world of cryptic death; take your own life into the graves.
I am the one that summons thee... lord of the night, master of death.

Worshiper of Satan,
Forever I am
Loyal to my master,
Ancient king of hell
I summon demons,
With unholy words
Pentagram of fire,
Burning sacred Gods

Pantheon of Satan,
In the cosmic realm
Saddaned winds of death,
Storming through the heavens
Imperial dark hymn,
To you I sing
Lucifer the fallen one...
Imperial prince

"In the name of Satan, Lucifer and all demons of the Infernal Cult...
We speak the words of truth that we have been given by your wisdom.
We sing the imperial hymn as our tribute to the pantheon of hell".

I am the one that is summoning thee, leader of the fire cult and master of the black throne.
Imperial hymn for our master Satan shall raise him high far above the tears of God.
I call upon gods of destruction, war and revege for the end of sacred
lands.
Dark unholy forces flocking it's black wings to our hidden temple
Where we summon our imperial king