Your Family

Your family are people, you can depend,
If you get in trouble, they shall defend.
They are the one's that understand,
Always willing to give you a hand.

Your family, you should always cherish,
Without them you would probably perish.
Your connection with them is very deep,
If something happens, together you weep.

You family can help, your confidence build,
With their love and support, you'll feel fulfilled.
Just don't forget to show your appreciation,
That will strengthen your relation.


Family Bond

A family bond is really strong,
They'll accept you, if you're wrong.
Family is there for comfort and support,
Even love you, if you're short.

A family will bring laughter and joy,
Sometimes they just simply annoy.
But that's ok, since they care,
Many things with you, they'll share.

Life without family, wouldn't be the same,
It would be lonely, and definitely lame.
So make sure you thank, each family member,
For being there, from January to December.


I Love My Family

I love my family because
they're filled with love
I picture them as angels
from heaven above

I know they love me
and I know they care
our love is so big
but there's enough to share

We're never alone
it will be like that forever
I love my family
we will always be together


Family Creature

Family is truly a unique creature,
It can function as an effective teacher.
Each person involved, has plenty to learn,
Through words and actions, respect they may earn.

Sometimes arguments may get pretty loud,
That's because, they're all just so proud.
They better watch what they say,
Otherwise, they'll be lonely and grey.

This creature you should always feed,
You never know, when something you'll need.
The trick is to listen and sometimes talk,
Grab the creature, and go for a walk.


Family Unique

Did you know that our family is unique?
At the dinner table, good luck if you speak.
I'm not saying they are bad,
On occasions they make me mad.

Maybe our family came from the zoo,
They really do, have more than one view.
I'm not here to lay the blame,
Seems like they're always playing a game.

Without them, life would be boring,
Silent nights, no more snoring.
What can I say, our family is unique,
I might need a break, just for a week.


My Family

My wonderful family, I love dearly,
From my heart, I speak sincerely.
They make me laugh all the time,
Help me up, when I need to climb.

I know my family, truly care,
They don't judge me or compare.
Always welcome me with open arms,
They make sure nothing harm's.

I love my family, every day,
With this poem, I wish to convey.
I know they may be a little strange,
But I hope they never, ever, change.


Just A Kid

Your family will forgive what you did,
That's because you're just a kid.
But even if you get much older,
Always welcome to cry on their shoulder.

Your family will help you become someone great,
Go on the ice, and teach you to skate.
Sure they will play with you in the pool,
Make your lunch and take you to school.

They are not just here to entertain,
Put on those bandages, when you're in pain.
Your family will help you look for bugs,
Don't forget to give them lots of hugs.


Family Moments

A family reunion may stir many emotions,
Don't need to travel over the oceans.
If separated over plenty of time,
You are reading the correct rhyme.

Sometimes they'd enter your thoughts and mind,
Miss them dearly, knowing they're very kind.
You wait anxiously for the day you'll meet,
That special moment is always so sweet.

You may wish to share some flowers,
Eat some dinner and talk for hours,
You always hope that it will last,
While sharing stories from the past.


Christmas Time

Christmas is one of the best times of the year,
Everyone is filled with happiness and cheer.
It's not about gifts or how much we spend,
But rather the love, that we mutually send.

Everywhere we see Christmas trees,
We go to church, and pray on our knees.
Give thanks to God, so that he may bless,
The entire family, and rid us of stress.

Christmas is a time for families to reflect,
A wonderful time for us to connect.
Enjoy the holidays, let's slow down,
Share some moments with the entire town.


What is Family?

What is family without a dog?
That's like our Mayor without a blog.
You don't need to watch what you say,
If you require help, you won't have to pay.

A family can sometimes be a disease,
Insane migraine that smells like cheese.
I never knew what's the big deal?
A bunch of people that eat the same meal.

In the end, it's not that bad,
As long as Mom is not always mad.
The trick is to laugh and take this lightly,
If you need salt, just ask politely.