
There will be no edges, but curves.
Clean lines pointing only forward.

History, with its hard spine & dog-eared
Corners, will be replaced with nuance,

Just like the dinosaurs gave way
To mounds and mounds of ice.

Women will still be women, but
The distinction will be empty. Sex,

Having outlived every threat, will gratify
Only the mind, which is where it will exist.

For kicks, we'll dance for ourselves
Before mirrors studded with golden bulbs.

The oldest among us will recognize that glow—
But the word sun will have been re-assigned

To the Standard Uranium-Neutralizing device
Found in households and nursing homes.

And yes, we'll live to be much older, thanks
To popular consensus. Weightless, unhinged,

Eons from even our own moon, we'll drift
In the haze of space, which will be, once

And for all, scrutable and safe.


There was a Starship Enterprise,
It was the ruler of the skies,
To make the starship up and go,
The man you really need to know,

Spontaneous is my grasp on a world endless-
Every new ability learned and created teaches me,
lessons in life and I see my beautiful,
flowing life with potential-  weatherproof.

And each new poem I write is, a
curve, turn and step gigantic,
undaunted I just write and write impromptu-
At times my poems are written from a different era.
Like-minded people love my poems abysmal,
imaginative and sorrowful, and even at times Sci-fi.
Zealous, I write all night with my head abuzz,
and my pen dripping magenta-
Tattered are my memories bittersweet,
internal my soul finds words illuminati.
Obsessed often with deaths of long ago,
never-ending I write- a girl growing but still a bit broken.

Sci-fi fantasy, please come hence to me.
Show me wonder,  space opera blunder.
Show the Galaxy, the worlds I must see.
A droid, a spaceship, through the stars I'll skip.
A rebel scout, to hear a wookie shout.
Oh if only! I had my fantasy!
I'd fire my laser. Wield my light saber.
I'd fly at warp speed. No rules would I heed.
I'd be a pirate. I would never quit.
Solo would envy. Faster than him, I'd be.
Even in the matrix, I'd get my kicks.
I'll take dystopian. You just say when.
Oh please! Oh please I beg! Bring forth to me.

Fine script moves fond message,
Words now groove clear passage.


From old times to new age,
Sci-fi chimes hurl new rage.


Turn the page on strange times,
Science can stage change of rhymes.


See new stuff on new grounds,
Same old path with mad rounds.


See time trace a new beat,
Face the face that lines treat.


Charm trades well as acts tell,
Bad as hell the plots dwell.


Good guy fights the bad world,
Dark the night where scenes twirl.


Classic tale in new light,
All things pale in clear sight.


Cherry bite and sure plight:
Seek to site fight or flight.


Hero finds villain here,
Purpose finds end of fear.



In the catacombs of Ares there's
an ancient liar of Dragons on the
dark side of Mars, savage and
giant creatures with enormous
and powerful wings and with the
beating of their wings cause
great sand storms, blocking out
all light from the Martian moons
and all the stars...
Well these cold blooded reptiles
drink from the magma flow that
pours out of the Olympus Mounts
volcano, where the queen turns out
another hundred or so, as the elders
take off flying high in a pinkish-red
Martian sky, terrorizing the Marinerian
aliens everybody thought had died
and everybody says Mars is a dead
planet but that's what they want you
to think, it’s Nasa's best kept secret
by far and these Dragons, DRAGON’S
FROM MARS...
In the shadow of Phobos and Deimos
and Jupiter on the rise...
across the catacombs and canyons of
Ares and Olympus Mons...
It's like something from a sci-fi movie but
it is very real, as real as aliens are...
these DRAGONS, DRAGON’S FROM
MARS...
You ask me well how you know...
I am a Martian that came to earth a
thousand years ago...


Captain Kirk, an adventurous guy,
flew through galaxies beyond earth’s sky

First for having the Captain Kirk name,
Illusions can shatter;
though older and fatter,

How quickly time leaves us in this modern age;
The passing of days like the blink of an eye,
Yet this generation seldom considers
How quickly time passes or why.
Let me tell you what I have heard--
These horrors that I have seen!
Rarely a person who passes me by
Is not glued to a screen!
Or is not stuck to some device,
Like Bluetooth microphones,
Or tablets and Ipads
Or Skype or Google Chrome!
What happened to the sunny world
Where kids could run and play,
Instead of sitting in the house
To watch cartoons all day?
Perhaps this is only "progress",
Perhaps I've lived beyond my age,
But I do pity this sci-fi world
That seldom turns a page.

Parched and cracked, the red planet’s soil
Life once flowed in seas, fossils found
The man in the moon may entreat
But sunken eyes on Mars confound

A sphinx’s face gazes back at Earth
Eerie replica of Egypt
Where pyramids are unexplained
A page from sci-fi novels ripped

Cro-Magnon man did not evolve
From Neanderthal DNA
So how did modern man debut
Some speculate an alien race

Did Martians make their way to Earth
When the red planet’s oceans dried
Seeking their self-preservation
A sphinx left behind as a sign

When landing on our blue planet
Finding a climate not too torrid
Did alien knowledge play a role
In creating Egypt’s pyramid

How ancient men could lift such stones
Defies modern science theory
Might refugees from a dead planet
Hold clues to human ancestry

The Viking One photos from space
Created much speculation
The Cydonia region of Mars
Home to a baffling creation

But further exploration suggests
The sphinx is a natural formation
Coincidence, we’re told to believe
Is the proper explanation

Look at Viking One’s photograph
And tell me if you agree
That nature, not aliens, crafted
This awesome similarity
Hydrogen to Helium
A fusion formed by gravity
A carbon-based delirium
Molecularly infinite energy

An ancient discipline known as alchemy
We’re consciousness - the explosion - amorous
We dream of gold from lead and mercury
Fueled reaction in copper with phosphorus
A universal age of prosperity

Bismuth bath. Deficient of iron and zinc
Astronautic laugh – last shine of hope
Nuclear decay –enlightened way – elemental - instinct
Scientific – logical clay – gaseous isotope.

The fluoride, we drink?
Humanity on the pivotal brink

The edge, a precipice.

Lanthanides and actinides
Metals and mysteries.
Shrink down to atomic scale
Our intellect – an accelerated history
Reality?
A holographic projection
Radioactive expansion
A gravitational trajectory

Inertia

Precious pavonine pearl
Our planet, our world.
A place all our elements may inhabit
Terrestrially unique. Diverse and intelligent
The push of inertia
The pull of gravity
The spin of an atom
The spin of our galaxy.

Prince Sun summons lovingly his beautiful wife,
The princess who’s  always shining at night in full, quarter or half;
Oh, my darling where have you been?
I’ve been  to the park to watch the lovers’ kissing scene.

Where is Jupiter our beloved eldest son?
I’ve been busy shining all day long, I hope he’s  around;
My love, he has just arrived and  he’s  big enough,
He can take care of himself especially at times get rough.

Here’s our daughter Saturn coming in,
She has grown into a pretty lady wearing her elegant ring;
Please remind her sometimes to focus on her dreams,
She might have fallen in love with an alien’s son that beams.

The Prince Sun makes a lovely role-call to everyone,
While his Solar Princess sits beside him wearing her luminous crown;
Uranus, Neptune, Mars and Earth saunter to their father
While  youngest Venus and Mercury run quickly to their mother.

The Solar Family has finally reunited as one,
Children hold hand- in-hand… going round and round;
They merrily sing with joyful spirit  of unity,
To exhibit a magnificent view in their residential galaxy.

I am in love,
I have no reason,
I am no longer with the time-space continuum,
I met my own Black Hole.

Your beauty resembles Andromeda,
Your courage resembles a Tardigrade,
Your intelligence resembles Curie,
You became my own Black Hole.

A singularity of love to you,
A singularity of beauty are you
A singularity of trust to you
The singularities of my black hole.

You trapped me like a Black Hole,
Not even my heart can get out,
Not even my reason can get out,
I love you and nothing more.

 If in the sun we have beginnings,

is it then in the hands of Pluto we find

the end? Where light lands: illumination.

The puccoon grows bright yellow

only to become a dye of red.



On our perch of earth, we stick out

our proboscis trumpet panaceas at forever.

Rarely play our part in the improv of jazz:

Spring flowers, Autumn’s riot till winter comes;

Orchestrates a vaster sound than our song and dance.



But, a god and our fear

leads us to hide our tremblings

prostrate ourselves in professions of worship.

We bit the apple, instead of being seeded

we became provoked by the plain shame of our smallness.



We spin on this earth like dogs on a treadmill.

Politics prominent even if we know our judgments

are the unqualified barkings of puisine procrastination.

Afraid to be who we are, we practice the predatory

behaviors of bullies and vandals until we are passe and ash.

  Time is wrinkled.

Space a scarf collapsed upon

a celestial floor. Seconds kiss

without touching, shadows crease

nebulas, as space moves out of reach

when stars decide to surrender to blackness.

 doppler shifts, aflutter
behind the shudder of eyes
lifted to stars agleam,
seams so infinite, infinite unraveled
to birds, ripely
poised within a smile

black black Ravens radio
wing-ripple through concrete,
a hush of perseids
glow above Tunguska and we
finger crop circles tattooed
on skin symbolic
of higher knowledge or Templer
tantrums in tight Jesuit jeans
warped and bent as microwaved saints
riddled in radiation
vision blurred to ginger ghost
geiger counter gaboled
gamma shorn
from shells rebounded
relative, borne echoed
here to die or burst to bloom

a brave new riddle
in every half-life slide of palms
upon buried capacitor fates
guarded by Schrödinger's cat

tone over tone, a simplistic harmony
excellent oscillation
ever so slightly higher than the last
and yet still within range

singer and dancer, at one in the heart
a movement of the symphony, a whole within part
the length deciding hue of brilliance as it waves goodbye
once the thin veil parts

allowing what was once whole
to slip right through
as if a vole in the garden
A soul replete

    There are the rushing waves…
    mountains of molecules,
    each stupidly minding its own business…
    trillions apart
    …yet forming white surf in unison.

    Ages on ages…
    before any eyes could see…
    year after year…
    thunderously pounding the shore as now.
    For whom, for what?
    …on a dead planet
    with no life to entertain.

    Never at rest…
    tortured by energy…
    wasted prodigiously by the sun…
    poured into space.
    A mite makes the sea roar.

    Deep in the sea,
    all molecules repeat
    the patterns of another
    till complex new ones are formed.
    They make others like themselves…
    and a new dance starts.

    Growing in size and complexity…
    living things,
    masses of atoms,
    DNA, protein…
    dancing a pattern ever more intricate.

    Out of the cradle
    onto dry land…
    here it is standing…
    atoms with consciousness
    …matter with curiosity.

    Stands at the sea…
    wonders at wondering… I…
    a universe of atoms…
    an atom in the universe.

        An inextensible heavy chain
    Lies on a smooth horizontal plane,
    An impulsive force is applied at A,
    Required the initial motion of K.

    Let ds be the infinitesimal link,
    Of which for the present we’ve only to think;
    Let T be the tension, and T + dT
    The same for the end that is nearest to B.
    Let a be put, by a common convention,
    For the angle at M ‘twixt OX and the tension;
    Let Vt and Vn be ds’s velocities,
    Of which Vt along and Vn across it is;
    Then Vn/Vt the tangent will equal,
    Of the angle of starting worked out in the sequel.

    In working the problem the first thing of course is
    To equate the impressed and effectual forces.
    K is tugged by two tensions, whose difference dT
    Must equal the element’s mass into Vt.
    Vn must be due to the force perpendicular
    To ds’s direction, which shows the particular
    Advantage of using da to serve at your
    Pleasure to estimate ds’s curvature.
    For Vn into mass of a unit of chain
    Must equal the curvature into the strain.

    Thus managing cause and effect to discriminate,
    The student must fruitlessly try to eliminate,
    And painfully learn, that in order to do it, he
    Must find the Equation of Continuity.
    The reason is this, that the tough little element,
    Which the force of impulsion to beat to a jelly meant,
    Was endowed with a property incomprehensible,
    And was “given,” in the language of Shop, “inexten-sible.”
    It therefore with such pertinacity odd defied
    The force which the length of the chain should have modified,
    That its stubborn example may possibly yet recall
    These overgrown rhymes to their prosody metrical.
    The condition is got by resolving again,
    According to axes assumed in the plane.
    If then you reduce to the tangent and normal,
    You will find the equation more neat tho’ less formal.
    The condition thus found after these preparations,
    When duly combined with the former equations,
    Will give you another, in which differentials
    (When the chain forms a circle), become in essentials
    No harder than those that we easily solve
    In the time a T totum would take to revolve.

    Now joyfully leaving ds to itself, a-
    Ttend to the values of T and of a.
    The chain undergoes a distorting convulsion,
    Produced first at A by the force of impulsion.
    In magnitude R, in direction tangential,
    Equating this R to the form exponential,
    Obtained for the tension when a is zero,
    It will measure the tug, such a tug as the “hero
    Plume-waving” experienced, tied to the chariot.
    But when dragged by the heels his grim head could not carry aught,
    So give a its due at the end of the chain,
    And the tension ought there to be zero again.
    From these two conditions we get three equations,
    Which serve to determine the proper relations
    Between the first impulse and each coefficient
    In the form for the tension, and this is sufficient
    To work out the problem, and then, if you choose,
    You may turn it and twist it the Dons to amuse.

     Each evening, shortly after sunset,
darkness covers the land.
Having mystified thinkers for millennia,
the mechanism for this occurrence
has now been identified: migration.
Darkness, it has been found, is composed
of an almost infinite number of particles,
which roost and reproduce up north
where they have fewer natural enemies:
Forest fires, lampposts, lasers, blazing sunlight,
torches, candles, lighthouses, limelight, and electricity
are relatively rare in the polar regions.

 This is ground control to major Tom, you've really made the grade
And the papers want to know whose shirts you wear
Now it's time to leave the capsule if you dare
This is major Tom to ground control, I'm stepping through the door
And I'm floating in a most peculiar way
And the stars look very different today
Here am I sitting in a tin can far above the world
Planet Earth is blue and there's nothing I can do

 In an effort to get people to look
into each other’s eyes more,
and also to appease the mutes,
the government has decided
to allot each person exactly one hundred
and sixty-seven words, per day.
When the phone rings, I put it to my ear
without saying hello. In the restaurant
I point at chicken noodle soup.
I am adjusting well to the new way.
Late at night, I call my long distance lover,
proudly say I only used fifty-nine today.
I saved the rest for you.
When she doesn’t respond,
I know she’s used up all her words,
so I slowly whisper I love you
thirty-two and a third times.
After that, we just sit on the line
and listen to each other breathe.

 We're slowly coming to suspect that the space
we're traveling in is of a different sort
from what we thought whenever that word "space"
was decked out by our fantasies on Earth.
We're coming to suspect now that our drift
is even deeper then we first believed,
that knowledge is a blue naiveté
which with a measured quantity of insight
imagined that the Mystery has structure.
We now suspect that what we claim is space
and glassy clarity around Aniara’s hull
is spirit, everlasting and impalpable,
that we have strayed in spiritual seas.

We had a lot to figure out
When first we went to space
Like how to bounce down hallways with
A modicum of grace

To use a vacuum toilet or
To drink soup from a tube,
Or kick off walls and ceilings
Not looking like a newb.

We had to learn somehow to sleep
While tethered to a wall.
And how to rinse the shampoo out
When water would not fall.

There is one thing we surely learned,
And all there would agree,
That childbirth never should be done
In zero gravity!

The Pandergast had sixteen legs,
A couple sets of arms.
Their iridescent carapace
Protected them from harm.

They ruled their world without a doubt.
The Xylons thought them neat, cause
Their crunchy legs were tasty
And their vital organs  sweet.

The Kraglock ruled on Cetus Prime.
They built their aeries high,
On rocky cliffs their cities
Silhouetted by the sky.

Their feathered wings were beautiful
And brought them much renown.
In nothing but a turkey shoot
The Mori brought them down.

The Human race was quite advanced,
They ruled a planet green.
Their science and technology
The best that we have seen.

They had no need of aliens
To put them in their place.
Their greed destroyed their planet
And along with it their race.


Can  love then,  be based
on an index of elements
from which one joyfully tumbles,
or drifts into equations, as we wander
toward a rush of serendipity ...
a metaphysical merging of  ardor
writhing in a shared communion
like  tuneful whispers in breaths  of helium,
unabbreviated oxygen rhapsodies
from unbidden laughter,
invigorating  the warmth of co-owned stars
on heaven’s destined oracle?

Love transcends chemical derivatives
of  fractals or measurement,
between our atoms, relaxed
in the shuffle of emotional electrons
as we quiver  weightless...
the heart’s embrace suspended together
in the affectionate cosmos

I am the ring around Saturn
spinning words as particles of ice and dust
with the power to transcend

I am the original chosen to be right here right now
transmitting verbal frequencies
through speaking my thoughts into existence

I am the heir of omnipotence,
born with a direct connection to profound abundance
The one whose words will age, yet still have substance;
since there are no boundaries attached to my pen

I am constant energy
Translating personal experience into imagery
Vulnerable to tyranny,
yet i continue attempting to share some truth
through this abstract language of poetry

I am the core
I am that I am more
I am the Divine Presence that is the Source of my rewards

I am the green you get when you mix too much yellow with the blue
That shade of gold you get when the sun resides into darkness
and when it ascends in the dawn burning dew
I am the transition between the third and fourth dimension of time;
the love you feel when you realize how it feels

I am the poem that is abstractly direct
because I write beyond limits
absorbing frequencies from 3 to 8 hertz
through meditation for several minutes
I am the one bridging the gap between
the analog ascension and the direct connection to spirit
The one who is love
because I am a descendent  of it

I am the rhythm that the wind blows
I am the beginning and the ending of stories told
about the universe and how miracles unfold
I hold the power to accept judgement from those who will do just that
Not knowing that I am them in the absolute reality of me
Judge that

I am knowledge beyond measure because that is my right
So I continue meeting the different parts of me
when I meditate and write
Who am I?

Evil scientist in their laboratories
Creating monsters that live in the night
I often reflect on mankind's plight
As mankind drifts further from his soul
We seek things to fill the hole
The path of lies forever bends
Truth is straight and narrow my friends
As I see it getting bent in every way
I simply find myself compelled to pray
What will become of our sons and daughters
Will their souls be led to slaughter
As scientist seek out another way
To disprove what the bible has to say
Trillions spent in search of a ghost
Another theory of true reproach
Rainbow stars now fill the skies
I wonder what is hidden inside their lies
We can now place a robot up on Mars
But can't help the drunk at the local bar
Trillions more spent on a new space station
But we can't feed the hungry right here in our nation
Seems to me before we go further conquering space
We should maybe try to help out the human race
Our quest for knowledge has drove us insane
We are now so smart we don't use our brain
Our nation was founded "In God We Trust"
Our government says "Let it be covered in dust"
Even this lowly creature up out of the pen
Knows in his heart that thats a sin

Your theory makes quite the impression
But I have this nagging obsession
A huge mass of matter
Explodes in a scatter
This is a layman's dumb question...

From whence came this gigantic ball?
Just how did the whole thing befall?
What was there before that?
And before even that?
And so on and so forth, et.al...

Blank space, only vacuum you say?
Endless void? Flat nothing? Okay...
Is nothing just nothing,
Or ain't nothing something
And what made the nothing I pray?


Professor Hapgood’s studies on ancient maps were fixed
Einstein said his theories should be added to history’s mix
Perhaps it proved too big a leap for other minds to take
But his ancient culture findings, Hapgood would not forsake

6000 BC, before Egypt’s pyramids were built
Millennia before Pompeii’s lava had been spilled
Or small fishing boats hugged the Mediterranean Coast
And Columbus’s “daring” voyage was not even close

Ancient seafarers drew with astounding accuracy
Maps of the world they once knew, the fishermen’s legacy
Antarctica sans ice and closer to the equator
The Mid-Atlantic Ridge once an above-sea sky scraper

Siberia touching Alaska with no Bering Strait
(Palin could have seen Russia without snow from her back gate)
 Cuba, England, Sweden, too, on these maps appear clearly
But Sweden’s fully glacial; England’s blanket an ice sheet

If we believe Hapgood, a civilization once thrived
Thousands of years before language; maps keep memories alive
Technology to chart the seas was lost in ancient times
With latitude and longitude measurements quite refined

Sea kings’ cities may have succumbed during the last Ice Age
Surviving nations lost their skill when history turned a page
Geography to be found again when the Earth had healed
“Discoverers” reinvented the forgotten ship’s wheel

Magellan, perhaps not the first to sail around the globe
Admiral Byrd not the first man to visit the South Pole
Spirits from a colony of seafarers can be found
From deep beneath Antarctic ice, they try to spread the word

But laugh they must as scientists forecast global warming
And man attempts to alter life and heed their dire warning
Shifting poles?  Natural cycles!  Men would be well advised
To study the maps Hapgood found and open their closed minds



When the sun sets, The stars shine with no regrets.
Darkness fills the air, The moon gives light with every care.
The darkness is easier to walk through, Every light shining is so pure and true.
Guidence forever are the stars in the sky, With them we find our places lifted so high.
 Forever is the moon to cast light upon us all,
 We become encouraged to stand firm and tall.
The stars shine with no regrets, When the sun sets.

When the sun sets, Shining its powerful light it never forgets.
 Though light fades to darkness, It comes about with alertness.
  Shadows before the eye can see
  , The little shining light is enough to set us free.
  Sometimes we are afraid to walk alone in the dark,
  From which we were given a caustic remark.
  Guidance Forever is the changing of dark and light,
   It helps us to be strong and make one last fight.
   Forever are the shadows lurking at every turning point,
   If we give in it is ourselves we disappoint.
   Shining its powerful light it never forgets,
   When the sun sets.

When the sun sets, The sky is filled with wonderful colors that the ocean reflects.
 All the animals of the sea, Come forth creating a musical harmony.
 The waves crash upon the shore, Washing up new sand to the ocean floor.
 Its a beautiful site to see, The ocean sounds are calmingly free.
  Who's to say the ocean isn't peaceful get away, Its a calming place to relax and stay.
  The sky is filled with wonderful colors that the ocean reflects, When the sun sets.

